Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Similarity of users can’t be decided by overlapping friends. However it might be one of the factors. but deciding similarity alone based on common friends would be unfair. There is a reason behind making friends in political world. The ones who need endorsements would have more friends, the satisfied ones would have less friends. To Know the similarity their tweets could be considered and analyzed








2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

The One user followed by them is Magic Johnson, a basketball player. According to him he supports Hilary but does not hate trump. His endorsement matter a lot in political world. I that thats the reason both of them follow him.












3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?
In Political world people follow other people for endorsements or funding for campaigning or elections. The ones following many are the ones striving for endorsements or the favours. The ones they follow might also help them for publicity. So people who follow less number of people are highly influential. 

But due to this, our graph might not be uniformly distributed making analysis difficult







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?


